Pre-tape: Josh arriving to the building, puts over that no one is winning Pandemonium tonight but him.

Pre-tape: Verna flexes, acts like a meathead in preparation for Pandemonium.

Live Promo: Rich announces that Angel Sinclair was injured during training for the street fight and was not medically cleared to wrestle tonight. (She must go to Bishop’s Doctor).  Ava out to call bullshit and that the Ava-Taker came looking for a fight.  Tyler Payne interrupts.  They set up…

Avoid any prolonged heat and build as a flurry from Ava, Tinker to catch some cheap shots.  Ava over with McGriddles.

Pre-tape: Bronson conditions his hair for Pandemonium

DL over with the dominator (member that terrible rack codebreaker?) 

Pre-tape: Chase gives Cashew some advice for Pandemonium

PRODUCTION/RICH NOTE: Cintron and Wallbridge will interrupt and should not be announced.  Wallbridge will hand Rich an index card and Rich can announce the match.  Wallbridge to sit for commentary to start.

Quick spot where Cintron is up before kids take over and shine on him.  Wallbridge to get involved for cut off and finish ideally so Cintron does not see it. Cintron over.

Pre-tape: Ava wishes AG good luck in Pandemonium

Live Promo: CULTURE CORNER- Christian out alone puts over 2019 as the Culture’s Year and that he ended the year by defending both the Heavyweight and Tag Team Titles in a single night.  Is frustrated by the Trips, Bishop and Tasha’s absence.  Bryan Logan eventually out talks about last show, being a former 2 time champ himself. They set up:

Back and forth 50/50 title match.  Christian over.

Final two AG and Verna, Josh comes back, lays them both out and destroys the ring, ringside area and commentary table.

Christian with Lisa Lena: Lisa stops Christian to discuss the ending of Pandemonium and what that means for him.  Christian can’t believe that people are still talking about other fools who aren’t him.  He doesn’t care what happened in Pandemonium because no one in the Culture was in Pandemonium.  Whatever sucka is stupid enough to get in the ring with him at Cold Fury certainly won’t be top talent.

Death by Davie: 
1.	JT and Davie in the back after their win and new number 1 contenders, put over the rematch for the titles in Hudson.
2.	Sit down Interview style promo for hype video.

AG: He was a hair away from getting his rematch with Christian for the title only to have taken away and now he’s got no idea what’s going to happen for Cold Fury but thinks he’s got all the reason in the world to be included.  In fact he’s going to plead his case live in Hudson when he brings back AG’s Retro-Spective

Josh: Leaving the building, puts over what doing exactly as he said he would.  And no matter what the fall out, nothing will stop him from winning the Heavyweight Title at Cold Fury.

Verna: To air after announcement of match with Pillman Jr.  Verna puts over Pillman but nothing is going to stop him from getting into the main event of Cold Fury. 

Cintron and Elia: Cintron and Elia discuss their next move.

Cashew, Cruz, Archer and Chase: Kids are in the locker room together when Chase comes in to talk to Cashew.  They discuss Pandemonium, Chase offers him an opportunity to tag up with him in Hudson.  Cashew would obviously be nuts to decline.

Match 1: JT Dunn vs AG
Referee:  Tony P
Time:  10-12 minutes
MATCH:
Go get it.  AG over.

Match 2: MSP vs Love in the City
Referee:  Tony P
Time:  6-8 minutes
MATCH:
Hot baby, baby opener.  Keep the action up and try to avoid any prolonged heat segments. Exact finish TBD but double pin shenanigans.


Promo Segment: Ava Everett Expose.  Ava out and introduces her new segment.  Brings out Shannon.  Banter into a match where it seems like Ava is the opponent, but Ava brings out the man she eliminated from the Countdown…
 
Match 3: Max Smashmaster vs Shannon Levangie
Referee: Tony P
Time: 5 Minutes
MATCH:
Shannon to look capable but outmatched, Shannon over after catching something quick.

Match 4: The Unit (Danny, Trigga & Verna) vs Circus Ninjas
Chaotic Tag Team Championship
Referee:  Quinn
Time:  8-10 minutes
MATCH:
6 man mayhem.  A unit over on a ninja.


Match 5: Bear Bronson vs Brad Cashew
Chaotic New England Championship
Referee: Quinn
Time: 10-12 Minutes
MATCH:
Baby/baby… Baby/Bear.  50/50. Cashew over clean.

INTERMISSION

Promo Segment: America’s Next Top Higher comes right out of intermission.  Higher’s review their applicants before selecting the fan plant and leave him laying.  


Match 6: Ricky Smokes vs Alec Price vs Ace Romero vs Aaron Rourke vs Randy Rivera vs Shannon vs Becca
SCRAMBLE MATCH
Chaotic Pan-Optic Championship
Referee:  Tony P
Time:  8-10 minutes
MATCH:
As Shannon enters Ava, blindsides her in the aisle.  Becca out to make the save and gets leads into the match.  Seven person scramble, have fun. Everyone should have a moment to shine. Acey to have big flurry towards the end, till everyone rallies and hits him with shit to take him out.  Ricky and Alec get into it at the finish and take each other out.  Becca over on Rourke.

Match 7: Anthony Greene vs Davienne
Chaotic Heavyweight Championship
Referee: Quinn
Time:  12-15 Minutes
MATCH:
Thanks AG.  Go kill it again… and listen to Davie.  Finish TBD.




 

Promos 

Davie, AG and Reginald:  AG being interviewed by Reg in the back about his big night, two big matches that ended with him coming up just shy of winning the Heavyweight Title.  AG responds till Davie enters.  She agrees that the end of the match wasn’t what she wanted either and offers to have a rematch in October.

Alec, Rick and Cashew: Smokes and Cashew are chatting in the back when Price walks in and blames Rick for being a bustah and ruining his chance at a win.  Cashew and Rick are on the same side and Price eventually leaves.  Afterwards Rick thanks Cashew for having his back and asks for again for a shot at the title, Cashew reiterates that he still has yet to win.

Unit Members: Address the two defenses next show, The Unit knows who they are facing but MSP and Love in the City won’t know which members of the Unit they’ll be facing until bell time.

MSP: Never lost the titles in the first place which is not a cool vibe.  Unit stole their drip.  They gonna get it back.  No cap.

Love in The City: Their first shot at the tag titles.  Can love rise above all?



